# AiDER
Writing aid for disabled, a platform for assisting people with writing disabilities.

  Writing is a medium of human communication that represents language and emotion with signs and symbols. In most languages, writing is a complement to speech or spoken language. People with arm disabilities due to physical problems or neural problems may experience difficulty in writing anything. In this project it's demonstrated a robotic writing aid for people with writing disabilities. The disabled person can dictate the matter to a smartphone app with speech recognition. The smartphone app converts this voice to the corresponding text and transfers this text to the microcontroller over WiFi in real-time.The Microcontroller then encodes this text in digital format to coordinate based code corresponding to each letters in the text. This inscription data corresponding to each letters is used to drive the attached robotic arm which moves corresponding to the data and writes the text on a paper provided. Real life constraints shall be considered such as speech recognition accuracy, data transmission and processing delay etc. This project involves development of necessary software and hardware for the robotic arm. The speech will be recorded and recognized in smartphone app which is specific for a language. The language library stored in memory is used for speech to text conversion. Text in digital format is encoded to coordinate based code corresponding to each letters. The inscription data corresponding to each letters is used to drive attached robotic arm. The robotic arm moves corresponding to the data and writes the text on paper provided.
  
Project demo video: https://youtu.be/MA9vccH0OMs
